readme.md, before:

# Accurics CI Tooling

This repo contains the accurics Infrastructure as Code (IaC) scan tooling for Vulnerability Management of various IaC components.

It can be used as the basis for scanning during CI in order to fail builds that have vulnerabilities that exceed some threshold or configuration.

The tools included in the image are `accurics` cli tool and `terrascan`. Using this is CI can be done by running something like:

```
./accurics_linux scan -mode=pipeline -appurl=https://cloud.tenable.com/cns -token=${ACCURICS_TOKEN}
```

# Usage in Gitlab

In a Gitlab CI workflow you can use this container within an IaC repository like so:

> **NOTE:** This example uses Gitlab CI/CD variables to hold the accurics credentials in a config file

**.gitlab-ci.yml**
```
variables:
  ACCURICS_CONFIG: ${ACCURICS_CONFIG}

stages:
  - test

default:
  image: ghcr.io/briansidebotham/accurics-terrascan:latest
  tags:
    - docker
  before_script:
    - 'echo "Accurics: $(accurics version)"'
    - 'echo "Terrascan: $(terrascan version)"'

scan-code:
  stage: test
  artifacts:
    when: always
    paths:
      - accurics_report.html
      - accurics_report.json
  script:
    - cd ${CI_PROJECT_DIR} && echo "${ACCURICS_CONFIG}" > accurics.conf
    - accurics scan -mode=pipeline -config accurics.conf
```

Where accurics token will be the token value required to upload data.

Commit message:

Update example readme.md ci config to include the GIT_BRANCH env var

readme.md, after:

# Accurics CI Tooling

This repo contains the accurics Infrastructure as Code (IaC) scan tooling for Vulnerability Management of various IaC components.

It can be used as the basis for scanning during CI in order to fail builds that have vulnerabilities that exceed some threshold or configuration.

The tools included in the image are `accurics` cli tool and `terrascan`. Using this is CI can be done by running something like:

```
./accurics_linux scan -mode=pipeline -appurl=https://cloud.tenable.com/cns -token=${ACCURICS_TOKEN}
```

# Usage in Gitlab

In a Gitlab CI workflow you can use this container within an IaC repository like so:

> **NOTE:** This example uses Gitlab CI/CD variables to hold the accurics credentials in a config file

**.gitlab-ci.yml**
```
variables:
  ACCURICS_CONFIG: ${ACCURICS_CONFIG}

  # Export the original git commit branch so we do not continuously add new "repos"
  # to the Tenable.CS project. This is because Gitlab's CICD detaches head and then
  # creates a new branch called pipelines/n and this causes a new branch to be
  # referenced by Tenable.CS - branches are treated as different repos because we
  #could have one repo with the branches development/test/staging/production, etc.
  GIT_BRANCH: ${CI_COMMIT_BRANCH}

stages:
  - scan
  - plan

default:
  image: ghcr.io/briansidebotham/accurics-terrascan:latest
  tags:
    - docker
  before_script:
    - 'echo "Accurics: $(accurics version)"'
    - 'echo "Terrascan: $(terrascan version)"'

scan-code:
  stage: scan
  artifacts:
    when: always
    paths:
      - accurics_report.html
      - accurics_report.json
  script:
    - cd ${CI_PROJECT_DIR} && echo "${ACCURICS_CONFIG}" > accurics.conf
    - accurics scan -mode=pipeline -config accurics.conf

plan-code:
  stage: plan
  script:
    - cd ${CI_PROJECT_DIR}
    - accurics init -config=accurics.conf
    - accurics plan -mode=pipeline -config=accurics.conf
```

Where accurics token will be the token value required to upload data.
